Document graceful shutdown of net.box connections (#3100)
tarantool/doc: doc/dev_guide/internals/box_protocol.rst

``IPROTO_EVENT_DATA`` (code 0x57) contains data sent to a remote watcher.
The parameter is optional, the default value is ``nil``.

..  _box-protocol-shutdown:

Graceful shutdown protocol
--------------------------

> 

Reviewer: I think that the user deserves an explanation: what is a graceful shutdown, what does it do, why is it a good thing? Perhaps that's what @locker meant.

Consider inserting a brief explanation into the description in the system events doc, too.

``IPROTO_EVENT_DATA`` (code 0x57) contains data sent to a remote watcher.
The parameter is optional, the default value is ``nil``.

..  _box-protocol-shutdown:

Graceful shutdown protocol
--------------------------

Since :doc:`2.10.0 </release/2.10.0>`.

The graceful shutdown protocol is a mechanism that helps to prevent data loss in requests in case of a shutdown command.
According to the protocol, when a server receives an ``os.exit()`` command or a ``SIGTERM``  signal,
it does not exit immediately.
Instead of that, first, the server stops listening for new connections.
Then, the server sends the shutdown packets to all connections that support the graceful shutdown protocol.
When a client is notified about the upcoming server exit, it stops serving any new requests and
waits for active requests to complete before closing the connections.
Once all connections are terminated, the server will be shut down.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for this description!

Since :doc:`2.10.0 </release/2.10.0>`.

The graceful shutdown protocol is a mechanism that helps to prevent data loss in requests in case of a shutdown command.
According to the protocol, when a server receives an ``os.exit()`` command or a ``SIGTERM``  signal,
it does not exit immediately.
Instead of that, first, the server stops listening for new connections.
Then, the server sends the shutdown packets to all connections that support the graceful shutdown protocol.
When a client is notified about the upcoming server exit, it stops serving any new requests and
waits for active requests to complete before closing the connections.
Once all connections are terminated, the server will be shut down.

The protocol uses the event subscription system.

> That is, the feature is available if a server supports :ref:`box.shutdown <system-events_box-shutdown>` event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is, the feature is available if the server supports the :ref:`box.shutdown <system-events_box-shutdown>` event
```

and ``IPROTO_WATCH``.
For more information about it, see :ref:`reference for the event watchers <box-watchers>`

> and the :ref:`corresponding section <box-protocol-watchers>` in Box Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the :ref:`corresponding section <box-protocol-watchers>` of this document.
```
It is not clear what Box Protocol is.
